[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: The more
I research, the more I come
to understand how divinely
equipped the body is
for healing itself once
we remove the impediment.
In the tradition of some of the
great physicists out of Germany
and Austria during the 1970's
and 80's, Johan Boswinkel, too,
came to understand that the
body is uniquely equipped
to use its own cellular light to
rebalance itself energy systems.
The end result is
the reversal of just
about every known
disease, and we're going
to take just a moment or two
to look at a little video
that will set this
interview up, give you an idea
of what we're going
to be talking about.
[ Music ]
Well, it was a nice little
set up, and I noticed
that one little phrase in there
that disease begins
with a lack of light.
And, of course, we don't
think of our bodies
in this way at all anymore.
We think we can throw
something at it.
>> Johan Boswinkel: Yeah -
>> Regina Meredith: Yeah -
>> Johan Boswinkel:
But [inaudible] body is the
most sensitive instrument
of this planet.
>> RM: Absolutely.
And I would like to start with
a little bit of your own life
because this is quite
a journey for you.
You had a lot of different
interests as a young man
when you were still in the age
of going to the university,
and you studied many different
things, and every time,
you would stop because the
human factor was not taken
into account.
Give us an idea of that
part of your young journey.
>> JB: I mean, my father told me
to always question everything.
And when I studied the economy,
I was wondering why
economic plans never work,
and I came to the conclusion
that economic plans,
they cannot work,
economy cannot work
if they don't include
human factor.
And in order to find
out more about humans,
I studied medicine,
and I was very naive.
And I found that medicine, you
learn everything about diseases,
bacteria, viruses, drugs,
but you didn't learn
anything about humans.
>> RM: I know.
Is that amazing?
Psychology, same thing.
[multiple speakers] Everything
about pathology, drugs,
you know, and diagnosis, but
nothing about the human -
>> JB: Yeah -
>> RM: So, there was a
point in this journey
where something turned a
light on for you, literally,
that became the quest
that has resulted
in this amazing technology
that'll last you a lifetime,
and what was that.
I know you had Fritz
Albert Pop in here.
Give us an idea of
what you discovered
that really turned you on -
>> JB: Well, I mean, at
one time, an acupuncturist
in New Zealand asked me to
translate a couple of articles
from German into English,
and these German
articles were written
by Fritz Pop [inaudible] -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And Brickard Helm.
He was a mathematician
with a proven medically
that we all lived
in 12 dimensions.
And Dr. Wolfgang Ludwig, he was
specialist in magnetic fields
and how they influence our body
and our being, and Fritz Pop,
of course, he discovered
the biophotos,
and after my discovery there,
I realized that human
beings were light beings.
Something which was already
known by the ancient Egyptians
because [inaudible] written
in the hieroglyphics,
and that those people
were light beings,
and they thought
with their heart.
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And they thought
with the mind,
which is really in the heart.
This is the brain.
>> RM: Absolutely.
Very good point because
it's now coming
around through other
technologies
that the understanding
that part of the journey
of the human right now
is to learn to be able
to access information
from the heart,
to listen to the heart
again, which is so clogged
up with pathways of other
information, disinformation.
Very difficult for us to
intuitively hear ourselves
in our own bodies anymore.
>> JB: Yeah.
Always have to listen
to yourself -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And we are taught to
listen to everybody else,
but we're not told to
listen to us, and -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: We are the
only ones that know.
>> RM: Absolutely.
I had the pleasure of
interviewing Wolfgang Ludwig,
you spoke about back in the mid
to late 1980's, around 1986,
and [inaudible] one
thing he said,
many things he said
stuck with me.
It's the first time I turned,
heard the term bozone
[phonetic].
No one was using the term
that I had heard of back then.
The other thing was he was
saying, and we're going to get
into this in your work that
it all starts in the guts.
The immune system starts -
>> JB: No.
The immune system starts
in the hormonal system.
All the hormonal glands.
They are guardians, and the
hormonal glands are also the
physical manifestation
of all the circuits.
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And the circuits are
the gates to the outside world,
and if the hormonal system,
basically every function
in the body is going to
[inaudible] hormones,
and if the hormonal system is
off, then everything goes off.
So in my work, too,
the first thing to do,
as we do is we [inaudible]
the hormonal system.
>> RM: Well, that
makes perfect sense.
All the master glands
are giving the direction
for every other function -
>> JB: Yes -
>> RM: In the body.
So -
>> JB: Yeah -
>> RM: And are you, I mean,
there have to be
huge disturbances
in the hormonal system
just looking around.
By evidence alone, it would
appear the hormonal system
of even young seemingly healthy
people of a younger age group,
even there there are
a lot of disturbances
in the hormonal system.
So -
>> JB: Yeah.
Everybody really had the
vaccination, has disturbance
in it, hormonal system
[inaudible]
which is also very common
in the United States.
It's whiplash.
>> RM: Whiplash?
And how does that,
what's that have to do
with the hormones and -
>> JB: Well, if you, normally,
you have one [inaudible] body -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: If you have
whiplash, you have two.
One here and one here -
>> RM: Oh -
>> JB: Here, it's nothing, and
here are two important glands -
>> RM: Oh -
>> JB: The parathyroid gland
and the thyroid glands -
>> RM: Right.
>> JB: If they don't
get energy, I mean,
it results in major
complications.
>> RM: Is this just
because we're bad drivers,
and we're getting whiplash as
a result of that, or is it -
>> JB: That is, might
be one occasion,
but the other occasion is the
incredible amount of sports.
>> RM: Oh, yes.
>> JB: Because you can get
the whiplash from anything.
From playing football.
From hockey.
Any fall or drop
can cause whiplash.
Even birth can cause whiplash.
Yoga can cause a whiplash.
So there are many reasons.
I mean, I believe that many
reasons for whiplashes,
and I believe that such a
whiplash condition might also
result in thyroid problems.
>> RM: Interesting.
>> JB: And thyroid problems
might, again, create tumors.
So and other hormonal
disturbance
because hormonal glands are
all in touch with each other.
>> RM: Right.
We talked off camera, and you
mentioned it a moment ago,
vaccines, and before
we get into the,
how you actually
discovered this technology,
because you've already
brought it up,
I think it's important
to go there.
What happens when we load
the body with these vaccines
in terms of, as you say,
this recognition system
for whether the body
is well or unwell?
>> JB: Well, they are really
only I found two vaccines are
always disturbing the body.
One is the polio vaccine.
The other one is the
anti-tetanus vaccination -
>> RM: Tetanus, yes.
>> JB: And the polio vaccination
job is to prevent paralysis,
but what it does do, it
paralyzes, and I don't know
if it's the only function or is
it the side effect, but polio,
we always find disturbing
your pituitary gland,
and your pituitary gland is
the chief gland of your body.
And the pituitary gland, one of
its functions is discrimination.
>> RM: Discrimination -
>> JB: Yeah, between
what's good and what's bad.
And we also, we're all told not
to discriminate but tolerate,
but the body says
do exactly opposite.
It must discriminate
and not tolerate.
>> RM: Absolutely.
It has to be able to use
its own intelligence -
>> JB: To disturb -
>> RM: To determine, yes -
>> JB: To [multiple speakers]
anything gone wrong -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And the body
doesn't do that anymore.
The body, if this
pituitary gland is disturb,
the body does not recognize
that it's being sick.
It doesn't take any action.
The body lets everything go,
and acute situation
might turn chronic.
And [inaudible] body still
doesn't take any actions.
I mean, nowadays, I mean, how
often do you here about fever.
You don't hear about it anymore.
It's all being tolerated
[inaudible] fever is a
body's reaction.
Increase white blood cells
is a body's reaction.
What's happening or
that's why doctors
in the blood work cannot
even discover infections
because humanity has
changed, but medicine has not.
Medicine is still in a state
that really it was
200 years ago -
>> RM: Well, you give an example
of tetanus that's
interesting along that line
about what tetanus was
originally developed
for the anti-tetanus shots,
and then what its
extenuating effects are,
which is really quite horrible -
>> JB: Yeah -
>> RM: Please talk
about tetanus -
>> JB: The, yeah.
Tetanus was originally a
vaccination for horse dirt.
>> RM: Horse dirt.
>> JB: Horse dirt.
>> RM: Yeah.
We don't interface with
that by and large now -
>> JB: No.
No, but the, at the time,
it was also street dirt.
>> RM: Street dirt?
>> JB: Yeah, because horses
walked in the streets -
>> RM: It's common dirt, yeah.
>> JB: So that's what they
started calling it street dirt,
and that, but, nowadays,
they [inaudible] horses
in the streets anymore -
>> RM: Right -
>> JB: [Inaudible]
occasion of police horse -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And, but the thing
that if you step in a nail
that you need to
get a tetanus shot,
that's absolutely nonsense.
And what the anti-tetanus
vaccination does,
and this is known medically,
that it disrupts the
calcium metabolism.
So from that moment,
your calcium metabolism
will do everything wrong
with the calcium.
>> RM: And so how does this
show up as we age in life?
>> JB: This shows
up by gallstones.
Gallstones are wrongly
deposited calcium.
Kidney stone, arteriosclerosis,
hardening of the arteries.
Because that's calcium
deposit in the artery,
which shouldn't go there.
And osteoporosis.
So calcium metabolism draws
calcium from the bones,
and puts it in everywhere else.
So giving people calcium
for osteoporosis is nonsense
because the body still
does the wrong things -
>> RM: Right.
It still doesn't have the
correct signal in terms of how
to distribute it and use it.
>> JB: No -
>> RM: Yeah.
So you're just throwing
more junk at it.
>> JB: Yeah.
You're throwing more
junk in the body,
and the body dumps it
everywhere, leading,
for example, to Parkinson's.
>> RM: That is incorrect calcium
metabolism or [inaudible] -
>> JB: Yes, yes -
>> RM: Parkinson's -
>> JB: Real Parkinson's, yeah,
the body gets totally stiff.
Gets calcified, and
that is what,
in my opinion, real
Parkinson is.
There are many people who
have Parkinson symptoms.
This is not real Parkinson -
>> RM: Well, when these little
babies are given these cocktails
of vaccines, does it still
include polio and tetanus -
>> JB: Yeah -
>> RM: It does, it does still -
>> JB: Yeah.
I believe kids in the US now
get 29 different vaccinations.
>> RM: And, again, off camera
when we were earlier talking
about this, you said MMR,
measles, mumps, rubella,
that that doesn't seem to have
a long-term damaging effect
like the others -
>> JB: No.
I don't see that,
although rubella seems
to be the cause of MS.
>> RM: Oh.
Well, that's a long-term
damage effect -
>> JB: And, but MMR,
[inaudible] don't exist anymore,
but now people get, children
get when they call the fourth,
fifth, and sixth
disease, and they look
on the Internet and
say [inaudible] -
>> RM: I see.
>> JB: They have,
they say, well,
people can't get
these disease anymore
because they are vaccinated.
True. Still get the
same symptoms -
>> RM: Right -
>> JB: And now they
call them fourth, fifth,
and sixth disease,
but it is the same.
>> RM: When you came
into the building today
by a wild coincidence, it turned
that one of the people you saw
when you first started
developing this technology had
come back from Rome
with an infection,
and sought some alternative
technology
out because nothing was really
working to take the fevers down,
and I said, wait a minute.
It was a man named Johan
from the Netherlands.
I think it's the same man
who's here in the building.
He said it was amazing how
well your technology worked.
Now this was back in '85 -
>> JB: In '85, yes -
>> RM: And now my understanding
is you were using some of,
you mentioned the three men's
work before including this
Albert Pop and the others.
You were using some of those
basic theories and such
when you put together
your first device -
>> JB: Yes -
>> RM: In 1983.
So can you talk about
what your thinking was
and the principle behind
the device you put together?
>> JB: Well, from everything
I learned from the research
that was done by Fritz Albert
Pop especially, [inaudible] were
that basically two
different light.
You have coherent light
[inaudible] chaotic light.
And my understanding was and is
that coherent light
is healthy light,
and the chaotic light
is unhealthy light.
So I search for ways to
split these light forms.
>> RM: To split them -
>> JB: To split them.
Coherent from the -
>> RM: Incoherent,
chaotic, yeah -
>> JB: Light.
And I found that there were
filters that could do that.
And then if that is the cause of
all disease, then the opposite
of the chaotic should
cure the disease.
So we introduce a system in
the old instruments, too,
which inverted the phase
of the chaotic vibrations,
and then send it
back to the body.
And because two opposite
waves neutralize each other.
The disease-causing wave was
automatically neutralized.
>> RM: Well, it sounds
pretty perfect
because you're using
information,
and you're using light
to carry information.
>> JB: Yeah.
Well, the biophotons, in my
opinion, are information -
>> RM: They are the infor,
just like the sun is delivering
a constant stream of information
to all living systems -
>> JB: Yeah.
The whole cosmos -
>> RM: The whole cosmos
including every little cell
in our body.
Now, when people hear this, one
of the things is, and you were,
you did understand
and also research some
of the frequency
generation [inaudible]
such as the Rife
[phonetic] device,
and as people are listening
to this, they'll say, well,
what's the difference between
using this biophotonic light
and, to reverse a symptom
versus uses Rife technology.
Can you explain the
difference between them?
>> JB: Well, the
Rife technology,
Rife sought the frequency of his
bacteria and then bombarded them
with the same frequency,
thereby blowing them up.
That was Rife's idea,
and he could look
at all these different
frequencies
that would blow the bacteria
up, and there's microscope.
>> RM: Right, when
it was intact -
>> JB: When everything
was intact -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: Between the
Rife microscope,
they had not been
able to restore.
So and a lot of people
still go on Rife's
of frequency [inaudible].
But, again, everything
has changed.
I mean, no bacteria
will stay the same -
>> RM: Right -
>> JB: It changes every two
seconds or every one second -
>> RM: And our bodies,
our cellular beings must
have changed since then -
>> JB: Yeah.
I mean, and the frequencies,
for example, a bacteria.
Rife could see what
frequency would kill,
blow up the bacteria.
He would see [inaudible]
in the microscope.
Now frequency is not
the same as information.
If you listen to
a radio station,
it broadcast this
particular frequency,
but if I generate
this frequency,
I don't get the same information
as I listen to the
radio station.
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: Because the radio
station has this frequency.
This is a carrier wave,
and on top of that,
they modulate the music, and
the music is information,
which is very different
from the carrier wave.
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: So we don't deal
with the carrier wave.
We only deal with information.
Information must be neutralized,
not the carrier wave.
>> RM: Well, and
it is interesting.
As you say, bacteria are
changing by the moment, no less,
from 1920, 30, and 40 -
>> JB: Yes -
>> RM: Up until now.
And so the calibrations
as a result of using
that pristine microscope
and that particular lens
on the universal scope, which
doesn't exist at this time,
although there, it is being
redone now, apparently -
>> JB: They say, yeah -
>> RM: Yes.
So, apparently, they are
recreating that and even better,
but until that time, we
can't see the new range
of bacterial frequencies.
>> JB: No, you can't see them -
>> RM: And so what's happening
when you use a Rife device now?
>> JB: I think they bombard
anybody with all kind
of frequency, and if they
hit something or not.
>> RM: So it's kind of a
broad-based explosive -
>> JB: Well, I mean, yeah -
>> RM: You know,
vibrational explosive -
>> JB: Yeah, and dynamite.
>> RM: Yeah.
A little bit dynamite hoping
you get the ending that -
>> JB: Yeah, but if
you blow something up,
you get all the debris -
>> RM: Yes.
OK. Now, you say that it's not
about blowing up the bacteria -
>> JB: No -
>> RM: And I know a lot
of people have received,
when it was done correctly
and calibrated correctly
for the body and bacteria
of the day, they were able
to cure cancer and reverse
all kinds of disease,
blowing up specific bacteria.
Not a whole minefield
of different bacteria,
but specific bacteria,
but you're saying using
our own biophotonic light,
we can actually change
the behavior
of even the most
aggressive, nasty,
life-threatening bacteria -
>> JB: Yes.
>> RM: And explain that to us.
Take some time -
>> JB: Well, in the first place,
Louis Pasteur [inaudible]
he said don't bother
about the bacteria.
Look at the terrain.
>> RM: Yes.
The blood.
The health of the blood and -
>> JB: The veins.
The body's own light -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: You have to look at
that method at the [inaudible]
and convince that if you have,
for example, helio bacteria,
which are said to cause ulcers.
Because they often are
seen together, and -
>> RM: What's it called?
Helio -
>> JB: Helio bacteria -
>> RM: Helio bacteria -
>> JB: [inaudible]
>> RM: OK -
>> JB: That's, but
they often find
in the stomach together
with all sorts.
And they say the bacteria
causes the stomach ulcer.
But the stomach ulcer
already exists,
and then attracts the bacteria.
And then to increase
the symptoms.
Because, but the symptoms
are, like, the flashing light
on top of a police car.
The flashing lights are there to
attract attention to police car,
and [inaudible] flashing
light, but you don't have
to [inaudible] the flashing
light because that does go away.
The police car is still driving.
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: So you have to always
look what is underneath -
>> RM: So the light goes
in with the information,
takes the bacteria like e-coli.
We -
>> JB: Yeah -
>> RM: That's one
thing you talk about -
>> JB: We, yeah, we tried in
the research at University
of Auckland, New Zealand.
We had a tissue culture, and we
put e-coli bacteria in there.
They started then doing
damage to the tissue.
Then we [inaudible]
treatment device.
We put electrodes in the tissue,
which opposite e-coli
information -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And we did
two minute treatment,
and after two minutes, e-coli
bacteria was still there,
but were not damaging anymore.
>> RM: So that's interesting
because we are made of bacteria.
[multiple speakers]
Bacteria's our friend as well.
>> JB: Bacteria is our friend -
>> RM: Yeah -
>> JB: They have
to be in, I mean,
if you look at your
intestinal bacteria -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: They have to
be in your intestines.
They can't go anywhere else.
>> RM: Right.
>> JB: If they go anywhere
else because of infections.
Say if you have appendicitis.
It starts in the appendix,
but it doesn't stay there.
The moment it turns
chronic, it starts spreading
of the [inaudible]
small intestine.
>> RM: Well, now, you have
some stories about that.
Let's talk about, let's
take one antidotal case
of that woman from -
>> JB: Belgium -
>> RM: Belgium -
>> JB: Yeah -
>> RM: Yes, and talk about
her situation so we can -
>> JB: I mean, she had
abdominal pain for 15 years.
And the normal medical
intervention and [inaudible],
they couldn't do
anything about it.
And somehow she came to me, and
at that time, I measured her,
and I immediately said, oh,
it's all up in the [inaudible].
And then [inaudible] I
talked for 15 years wrong,
and he couldn't believe
it because he research.
He did blood work, and he
couldn't find any number
of increased liposites.
There is no increase
[inaudible] according
to [multiple speakers].
There is no infection.
>> RM: Right.
>> JB: But I said it is, and
her appendix had gone from acute
to chronic to necrotizing.
>> RM: Oh, goodness, yeah.
So she was having a lot of pain.
>> JB: Yeah.
I mean, and -
>> RM: But her doctor refused
to remove the appendix.
You, didn't you suggest you
need to get this thing out?
>> JB: My experience shows me
that if this is the appendix,
and if it's necrotized until
here, this part is still alive.
I can heal the complete
appendix.
>> RM: OK.
>> JB: But I, because I
can see it's necrotizing,
but I can't see how much it is -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: So I had to, I
did five treatments,
and in five treatments,
I normally can clear
the complete appendix -
>> RM: Right -
>> JB: But in the, after
the sixth treatment,
it's still [inaudible]
then get it out -
>> RM: It's gone, yeah.
>> JB: And I told this woman
that, and she went back
to her doctor, and he still
refused her, and by this time,
her whole appendix
area was swollen,
and he still refused it.
And that's when I wrote
a letter to his doctor.
I said this appendix
needs to come out now.
And then with this letter, she
took it back to the doctor,
and then [inaudible]
to take it out.
And when he took it out,
he was totally surprised.
He said a totally
[inaudible] appendix.
>> RM: Yes, gone.
>> JB: Gone and [inaudible]
not showing anything.
>> RM: In the blood -
>> JB: In the blood.
>> RM: That's where blood
panels just totally fail -
>> JB: They fail completely, and
that, this doctor then went to,
because he was a
surgeon, he start looking
at other appendixes, and
he found that 70 percent
of old people walk around
with a chronically infected
appendixes -
>> RM: Seventy percent have
chronically infected appendixes.
>> JB: That cause
a lot of allergy.
Like celiac disease,
like [inaudible] disease.
I mean, -
>> RM: Well, there's an example.
One article I read on your work
was talking about a little girl
who was allergic to
60 different things.
>> JB: Yes -
>> RM: And her mother
found her way to you -
>> JB: Well, at the
very, very, very end.
That's when the little girl
was about a week from dying.
>> RM: And the thing
is, just to say this,
that's how a lot of people are.
By the time they find
their way to you,
it's because they've
already exhausted everything,
and they're really sick -
>> JB: Yes -
>> RM: And you take those on -
>> JB: Oh, yeah -
>> RM: And so this little
girl was [multiple speakers].
Yes, that's all you get.
I mean, what a shame.
If you just can't,
if someone came
and used these subtle
therapies to begin with,
you would never have
to get that bad -
>> JB: You'd never
have to get that bad -
>> RM: No.
So let's talk about what
happened with this little girl.
>> JB: I mean, she'd been,
she was three years old.
She'd been sick for three
years from birth onwards,
and she was getting
more and more allergic.
She was allergic to 60
different food substance.
She could only eat food,
five different food,
and then she got the chicken
pox, and after chicken pox,
she couldn't eat
anything anymore -
>> RM: Oh, boy.
Yeah.
>> JB: And that when
her mother heard
about me because, from a friend.
They said you need to go there,
and I treated, I diagnosed
or asked her body what
was wrong with it.
And that was, it was
not appendicitis,
but it was a very bad
case of salmonella.
And I did my treatment, and I
told the parents in three days,
she can eat everything again,
and the parents said
[inaudible] -
>> RM: Yeah, right -
>> JB: He is crazy -
>> RM: Yeah.
>> JB: But because the child
changed completely immediately
after treatment, she got
the color back in her face
and everything [inaudible].
And the next day, child
felt a lot better,
and one of the things that got
immediate reactions was yogurt.
So I thought they immediately
got lung infections and -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And the child,
the parents decided
to give the child
a spoon of yogurt,
and they immediately went
with the ear to their chest.
Nothing happened, and they gave
her more yogurt and more yogurt.
Nothing happened.
And that day she ate
one liter of yogurt -
>> RM: Oh, my gosh.
And how long before she could
eat a whole spectrum of foods -
>> JB: And then two
days later they started
to give her gluten, bread.
No reactions.
So from that moment onwards,
she could eat almost
everything again.
And in the, I think in the first
session, I think 90 percent
of the problems were
solved in the child,
and [multiple speakers].
I mean, children have
the great advantage
that they react so fast.
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: I mean, I think children,
animals, they react so fast,
and I think they have
one thing in common.
They do not think.
>> RM: They do not think
they have no resistance,
no belief systems -
>> JB: Because very often,
the head is in the way -
>> RM: Yes.
Absolutely, and you,
not only that,
you've done experimentation
with plants and also with foods,
and foods maintain their
freshness much, much longer.
So, and, again, no
belief systems, you know,
on the part of yogurt
or a head of lettuce.
And your first, as I recall,
your first patient that came
to a, patient case that came
to you was for liver cancer.
Now a lot of people listening
to this think can it
actually reverse cancer.
Can you use your own body's
light to reverse cancer?
So tell us about the fellow
with the liver cancer and the -
>> JB: Well, cancer, what we
call cancer is not cancer.
When we see a tumor, we
call it cancer, but a tumor,
even if it's malignant,
it is a symptom
of the disease that
we call cancer.
I mean, liver cancer is a,
it's generally a lot of toxins.
The liver, as we know, is, one
of its jobs is detoxifying.
It has to keep all the toxins.
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And at one point,
the liver brings its toxins
together and encapsulates it.
Now, then, the liver
has a bag of toxins.
And then we might [inaudible]
because then [inaudible].
It's the same point, directing
all the formation of tumors
to [inaudible] from one
place to the other place.
They don't spread horizontally.
They all are created anew.
>> RM: So where would that
liver tumor be coming from?
The original toxic -
>> JB: Yeah.
I mean, it's a very
toxic environment.
And liver cancer, I see, is
a self-protection mechanism
of the body to protect the
body from a lot of toxins.
And, I mean, the cause of
liver cancer is very different
than the cause of a fibrous
tumor, for example, [inaudible].
A fibrous tumor is always
caused by the thyroid,
and liver cancer's
caused by the pituitary.
And a [inaudible] cancer is
caused by the circulation.
>> RM: By the what?
>> JB: Circulation -
>> RM: Circulation, OK.
>> JB: OK, and what is
prostate is basically the same
as a [inaudible] cyst.
It's also a cyst.
It gets enlarged by
increasing fluids -
>> RM: OK -
>> JB: And if you are
getting increasing fluids,
it means that your
circulation [inaudible] -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And it means
that the valves
in the veins [inaudible]
have the possibility
of pushing [inaudible] back,
and then because
[inaudible] at the bottom.
That's gravity [inaudible] if
you have a cyst in your breast
or ovarian cyst or a
[inaudible] prostate,
it's all a circulation problem.
And why does this circulation?
It's not good anymore.
Why? Very often, it's
exhaustion of the adrenal glands
or it can be calcification
of the artery, of the valves.
There's calcium stuck
between the valves.
Then the valves can't
move properly.
And then you also get
problems like this -
>> RM: Interesting, yes -
>> JB: So you have to look
at the [inaudible], I mean,
and always have to go by
what does the body tell you.
And you can't project anything.
>> RM: When, so when you
have a situation like that
with the tumors, is
it like the appendix?
Is it in that most
of them can be,
most of the information
can be reversed in -
>> JB: I mean, -
>> RM: Cancerous situations -
>> JB: I mean, if you have
the example of liver cancer -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: I mean, it's
almost always toxins.
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And then you
need to detoxify,
and these tumors can all the
reversed, especially, I mean,
if there are, before
they are hardened.
Because this system is wonderful
for functional disturbances.
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: But the moment a
functional disturbance becomes
[inaudible], then it
becomes far more difficult -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: For the body to handle -
>> RM: Because you're
talking about something then,
it seems it's so dense.
It can, the subtle energies
of light aren't really
operating the same.
It stays coherent or -
>> JB: No, I mean, the -
>> RM: Or incoherent.
>> JB: Yeah, but it
stays incoherent -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And everything in the
universe moves in spirals,
and then at the bottom of the
spirals, they get manifested -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: Now, if you
process is working,
you want to reverse
this process.
You have to reverse [inaudible].
>> RM: So in cancer, you
have to reverse the spiral -
>> JB: You have to -
>> RM: Direction.
Yes -
>> JB: Yeah.
You also have to, because
if you get this spiral,
it always moves in vortex.
But when it gets to the
manifestation point,
it goes the other way around.
It gets dematerialized.
And you can only dematerialize
things if you take pressure off.
I mean, 90 percent of
all cancers are happening
after periods of
intensive stress,
and stress means pressure.
And especially in the United
States, but everywhere
across the world,
we are experiencing
more and more pressure.
And -
>> RM: So how does this, then,
affect the spin of the energy
that creates the tumors to
go into this chaotic pattern?
>> JB: Performance pressure.
Exhaust your adrenalines.
And then if your
adrenalines are exhausted,
your kidneys start
malfunctioning.
The heart starts malfunctioning.
You get numerous problems just
by exhausting your
adrenal glands.
And that will -
>> RM: So the technology
that you've created,
can it fortify the adrenal
glands, for example, -
>> JB: Oh, yeah.
Yeah. I mean, once we,
what I said before.
I mean, the first
thing we do is we clean
up the whole [inaudible]
system -
>> RM: Right -
>> JB: When we say
adrenal glands are a part -
>> RM: Yes.
OK. So I have some
questions on that.
How do you, I mean, we talked
about how Wright was able
to determine the frequency
of the bacteria before he used
the electrical frequencies
to blow it up.
How do you determine the
source of a disease or the,
what the symptoms
are emanating from so
that you can get to the source?
What is the diagnostic
process like?
>> JB: It's following logic.
If you have a, say, a bladder
infection, OK, then I am going
to see, I'm going to ask
your body what causes this
bladder infection.
[Inaudible] I ask the body
to give me information.
>> RM: Now, do you do
this through technology
or through your own
inquisition -
>> JB: I do this, no.
Through technology -
>> RM: OK.
>> JB: So the body indicates
that your bladder is disturbed.
And then I ask the body,
OK, what causes disturbance.
I ask the body is this
[inaudible] poisoning
that causes bladder
infection symptom.
Was it caused by
intestinal [inaudible]?
Is it caused by [inaudible]
infection, or whatever?
Is it caused by food poisoning?
I offer the body's, or I said is
it this, is it this, is it this,
and the body [inaudible]
yes, that's what it is.
And the body responds to
me with changing, first,
we had a disturbed state.
We had a chaotic signal, and
once I put the right remedy in,
the body responds with
a [inaudible] signal.
>> RM: OK.
So this is a matter of putting
into the field the frequency
of, you use homeopathic -
>> JB: The information -
>> RM: The information,
not frequency.
Information of homeopathic
remedies, for example,
which are, is wonderful,
wonderfully subtle and complete.
So you put that in the field
as you're doing your inquiry.
Kind of a process,
a logical process.
Someone who's practicing this.
Obviously, it's good
to be medically trained
and have some knowledge
of the body -
>> JB: Yes [inaudible] -
>> RM: So you put this through.
You go through the process of
watching how the light responds
until it hits that
coherent state
when you put the correct
homeopathic remedy in?
>> JB: Yes.
>> RM: OK.
Now from there, you've
discovered what it is.
>> JB: No.
Then I, OK.
Say if it's one of the
intestinal bacteria.
Now, my reasoning, I mean, if
the intestinal bacteria are
in your bladder, that means
your intestines are disturbed.
Because the appendicitis or
whatever creates a climate
in the intestines in which
no intestinal flora can live.
So they move out.
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: So if I'm, I find the
intestinal bacteria outside the
intestine, OK, then I know
there's something wrong
in the intestines, and
it could be appendicitis,
it could be a whiplash.
Whiplash cause great
intestinal disturbances -
>> RM: Interesting.
And so you, when once you've
identified what it is ,
which remedy it is,
then tell us how
that interfaces with
the human body?
How the technology
itself is used?
So people get, I mean,
we saw the machine
on that little open bit.
We saw a couple -
>> JB: We call it
an instrument -
>> RM: Instrument, and we
saw the little glass rods.
So tell us what you do with
the person at that point.
>> JB: Well, we can
get information
of all kind of remedies.
We can remedy information of
one of the intestinal bacteria.
And what the remedy is is
the opposite information
from the bacteria itself -
>> RM: Kind of like [inaudible].
>> JB: Yeah -
>> RM: Yeah -
>> JB: Yeah, but most homeopaths
have no idea how [inaudible]
works -
>> RM: Yeah.
So you studied that, too -
>> JB: Yes, we did that, too.
So in the first place,
we have these two rods,
and the basic therapy
is only light.
This, whereby one of the
rods absorbs all the body,
there's a body, all the light
that the body is emitting,
which consists of
coherent and chaotic light.
Then it goes to the instrument.
The coherent light is and
chaotic light are split.
The chaotic light I amplified
and given back to the body -
>> RM: The chaotic light
is then made coherent -
>> JB: No.
>> RM: No
>> JB: The coherent light
is made, is amplified -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And going
back to the body.
The chaotic light is inverted.
It makes exactly the opposite -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And in its, on its way
back, that's where it cancels
out the chaotic light
that's in the body.
I mean, this [inaudible]
with the speed of light.
Was [inaudible] many
times a second.
And every cycle takes with it
the changes the previous cycle
has caused.
>> RM: So how long
would a person do this
or [inaudible] this
device, instrument -
>> JB: It's for adults.
It's different than for kids.
Adults do it normally for
ten minutes, and kids do it
for two or one minute.
But this is the [inaudible]
light only.
This information of the
remedies is modulated on top
of the body's own light, and
that's when we can, for example,
we can clean the bacteria
or we can clear or try
to clean acute appendicitis
or a chronic appendicitis
or anything else.
What will happen in
ten minutes' time.
This treatment keeps
working for three days.
That's why we [inaudible] you
can have maximum one treatment
every at five days.
>> RM: Because it continues on.
>> JB: Yeah.
It continues on for three days,
and then we give the body one
day rest or a little more,
and then we do it again because
you can't overburden the body.
>> RM: One of the doctors you
work with out of Oslo, I mean,
it took some time, I would
assume, because I wrote here.
It's usually the oddballs
that change the world.
That's a famous saying
having to do
with all the breakthrough
technologies
and discoveries throughout
history.
It's always the oddballs,
and someone like yourself
who's gone off the path
and continued asking questions
when everyone else thought you
better give it up, you know,
and, you know, turn
to a real career.
So now, science has
started taking this up.
It's, you have been
affiliated with,
is it the University
of [inaudible] -
>> JB: Yeah -
>> RM: [Inaudible], and then
also this doctor in Norway.
He was finding, he had a lot
of seasonal mood disorder
from the lack of light.
Lot of infections in
people, and he was finding,
why don't you tell us what
happened with his work?
>> JB: I don't know.
>> RM: Well, it's an
article I read on it.
Apparently, he was
using your technology -
>> JB: Oh, yeah, he does.
>> RM: Yeah.
He's using your technology
and finding
that not only did he not have to
prescribed antibiotics as much,
but if he did have to
prescribe them, for a shorter,
a shorter course, but oftentimes
didn't have to prescribe any
to people because this
technology would just wipe
out whatever the base
infection caused -
>> JB: Yeah, it does.
It does -
>> RM: Yeah -
>> JB: So, and -
>> RM: And so he was a convert,
but there are a lot of -
>> JB: Oh, yeah -
>> RM: Offices all
over the world now.
>> JB: Yeah.
We have, and, but, I mean, even,
I have come to the conclusion
that I always thought
that antibiotics
[inaudible] they worked.
I think they stopped working
because of bacteria
getting resistant -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: But I learned
that it never works.
>> RM: Really.
>> JB: Because it seems
that the bacteria,
the top layer is killed, but
the rest of bacteria withdraws
into tissues, and they -
>> RM: It re-emerges
at some point -
>> JB: It re-emerges.
I mean, even because
if I, somebody who was,
when she was two, she got
penicillin for all the,
for the infections then that
she had, and forty years later,
I found, I give the body
the opposite of penicillin.
>> RM: What would the
opposite of penicillin be?
>> JB: Well, I mean,
the penicillin has
information, too -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And if you influence it,
and you give that to the body,
then the body gets
[inaudible] penicillin.
But then immediately all
of those symptoms come
back within a day.
So I thought, hey, what's this?
I didn't know, but, I
mean, it was very clear
that the penicillin had
never killed anything.
[inaudible]
>> RM: So the goal is
to restore the body
to its original clean
functioning operating system
with this.
>> JB: Yeah.
To restore all the
function in the body.
And at that time, the body can
do everything itself again.
But one of the important
things is
that the immune system
needs to be trained again.
>> RM: So how does
that process begin?
>> JB: I mean, if you, you
might get food poisoning, right.
And the food poisoning
always results
in the symptoms of a cold.
Now, [inaudible] then you must
assume it's food poisoning.
>> RM: Really.
If you have a cold, you
must assume it's something
[inaudible] -
>> JB: Yes, and because the
food poisoning bacteria,
they infect all mucus membranes.
The sinuses, the throat,
or anything like that.
Now, the body will
deal with that,
and they might get a
cold, and can wait.
You might wait ten
days, and it's gone.
A second time, the, you
get a cold, it will be gone
in two days, and then
you don't get it anymore.
I mean, because it's an
allergy is an overreaction
of an already irritated
mucus membrane.
>> RM: There's a lot of
thought that the things we eat,
the refined things we eat,
sugar and refined carbohydrates
and such cause an
environment that allow
for the bacteria to flourish.
So how does what you
do interface with that?
>> JB: If the body is
in the right condition,
the body uses everything
in a totally different way.
>> RM: So, in other words,
if your body is already clean
and clear and functioning
well, you can eat whatever?
>> JB: If you [inaudible]
function, -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: Works.
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: Then all that
you get in is separated
between what a body can use
and what should be excreted.
>> RM: And we're not
doing that anymore -
>> JB: We're not
doing it at all -
>> RM: So -
>> JB: [Inaudible] anything.
I mean, and even if you
were have junk food -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: Now if you have, if
your body works properly,
then the body will
reject junk food.
It automatically.
It cannot use it or
cannot use everything.
>> RM: So it just
passes on through.
No real -
>> JB: Yes.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> JB: It doesn't, but it
doesn't know what to do with it.
>> RM: It tolerates it,
but doesn't know
what to do with it -
>> JB: Yeah.
So it stores it.
>> RM: OK.
>> JB: The trick is to get
the body discrimination system
right -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: So it will process
everything right again,
and then starts detoxifying the
body and the small intestine,
the stomach, the
large intestine.
Because every system in the
body has to work for properly -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And if you have
restored everything,
then the body needs time.
And then it will
slowly get up to speed.
I mean, most people they get
incredible positive reactions
almost immediately.
The ones [inaudible] the
system has been restored,
and there are also people that,
where that react opposite way
to all kind of different
thing, or they don't react,
and most time those people are
in what I call a spin inversion.
>> RM: A spinning inversion -
>> JB: A spinning inversion -
>> RM: Yeah, a spinning
inversion, yeah -
>> JB: Then the electrons
turn the wrong way around -
>> RM: Yeah, yeah -
>> JB: And then the body
starts working against itself.
>> RM: Right.
Is that what autoimmune
is, more or less?
A -
>> JB: Well, I think
[inaudible] aggressive cancers -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And leukemia is
always spinning inversion -
>> RM: OK -
>> JB: And those are
things we can easily -
>> RM: So you can
easily reverse.
OK. Let's talk about
that for a moment.
First of all, we still have
a little bit of time left,
maybe five, six minutes left.
What does it not work
on besides structural?
We already said functional,
yes, structural, no.
Is there anything else you found
that it just doesn't
have any impact on?
>> JB: Now, we have to
be careful with anybody
who has organ transplants.
We can't really treat them
because one of the things is,
was it necessary, is to
restore discrimination system
in the party.
>> RM: That's hard.
It's not your part, huh.
>> JB: And [inaudible].
>> RM: Yeah.
It's not recognizing it.
It's not yours.
>> JB: So it, once
it recognize it,
it's immediately just
we don't want it -
>> RM: We don't want it, yup.
OK. So rejection.
>> JB: So we also
have to be careful
with people who have bypass -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And there
is no [inaudible]
with the body's own veins.
[Inaudible] veins we can treat,
but sometimes it's
done by pressing.
We can't do that.
>> RM: It's done by what?
>> JB: By plastic -
>> RM: Plastic.
Yes, yes. Artificial veins -
>> JB: We, and they, if the
tube disconnects from the artery
or whatever, you can't do that.
And -
>> RM: So that makes sense.
It's, it will reject what's
not natively its own -
>> JB: I mean, everything
isn't, everything is the,
everything that's not the
body's own is a poison.
>> RM: OK.
>> JB: Everything that's not
the body's own, even this water
that I drink is a poison, and
it's [inaudible] is a poison.
[Inaudible] is a poison.
It's because not the body's own.
Now the body has a digestive
system to make it [inaudible].
>> RM: To break it down and go
through the process
to recognize -
>> JB: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that transforms it, and
is a part of it is excreted -
>> RM: Right.
>> JB: But even allergy testing.
What they test is
something totally different
than what is in the body.
Because the body, the
saliva, the stomach is,
it's all [inaudible] already.
So you can't do allergy testing.
It's bullshit.
>> RM: Yeah.
OK. So it's BS.
OK. Allergy testing is BS.
OK. What about light itself?
We can't talk about this
without talking about the sun,
which I brought up earlier,
and the information coming
from the sun, and you're
really big on get rid
of the sunglasses, get rid of
the sunblock and allow the sun -
>> JB: Yeah, but we, since
the light of the sun is
so many times more intense -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: Than it used to be
twenty, thirty years ago, we,
everything needs to
be in moderation.
I mean, sun worshippers,
you can't do that anymore.
>> RM: No.
You can't lay out at noon
for three or four hours -
>> JB: Right.
I mean, I myself, I mean,
I also build it up slowly -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: I mean, ten minutes -
>> RM: Ten minutes -
>> JB: Yes, and.
>> RM: Taking a walk
in the early morning
when the light is still -
>> JB: Yeah, when
the light is, yeah,
early morning or late after -
>> RM: But it's important that
we have it through our eyes.
>> JB: Yeah.
That's [inaudible] doctor
M.D. They discovered
that the increase in
cancer came at the same time
with the invention
of sunglasses.
>> RM: Of course.
Interesting.
OK, and enough said on that.
OK. Now we have a couple of
minutes left, and what I wanted
to bring up was, I was
excited about when I read
about what you are doing now
because you're now
many generations, six,
seven generations in
from the technology
that helped our friend
here recover
from all those infections
back in the mid-80's,
but you have also
started a device
that is a tiny little
thing about this big.
You've created that, that people
can use by themselves at home.
I mean, once they know
what the problem is,
if you have food poisoning
or whatnot, you have chips
that go in, and give that
homeopathic information,
and it works very
similarly to the big unit -
>> JB: Yeah.
It works very much similar,
but it's a home device.
If you have regular food
poisonings or something
like that, you can put a chip
in for food poisoning,
and you can -
>> RM: What about, like,
sleep disturbance -
>> JB: Sleep disturbance,
you can -
>> RM: And you have about
500 different remedies of -
>> JB: Well, yeah, but we have
a number of standard cards -
>> RM: Yes -
>> JB: And, for to restore
your whole hormonal system,
for example.
>> RM: Yes, yes.
That sounds, and the appendix,
sounds like everybody
needs that pretty much -
>> JB: Yeah.
And there's a basic
program for whiplash -
>> RM: Yeah.
>> JB: You don't
need a card for that.
You just need to have the
rods put in your neck -
>> RM: Oh, interesting -
>> JB: And that takes two
minutes, and whiplash is gone.
So -
>> RM: So this is really where
it's coming down to the people
because not, even though you
have, what, five, five, 500,
600 different offices around the
world, another 140 in the US,
not everybody can get to -
>> JB: No, no.
I mean, that's why -
>> RM: An office.
I mean, that's why
you created it -
>> JB: We created it.
I mean, -
>> RM: Well -
>> JB: And we also wanted
to have far more
[inaudible] far more insight
to what their own light can do -
>> RM: Yes.
>> JB: And there [inaudible].
I mean, any practitioner,
I mean, if he is,
he or she is fully booked,
he or she can do maximum
of 300 people a year -
>> RM: Right.
So we need to be able to
take this on ourselves.
So -
>> JB: We need to take
it onto ourselves -
>> RM: Well, I thank you on
behalf of everybody who's going
to be able to take
advantage of this
because it's really brand new -
>> JB: Yes -
>> RM: So just coming out in
the last couple of months,
and it's about, what, a
thousand dollars and -
>> JB: Yes -
>> RM: And $25 for the
different programs and chips.
So a lot of people
who have offices
or small practices could even
use this small one it sounds
like to an extent, even though
you can't do the diagnosis -
>> JB: We have quite
a few chiropractors -
>> RM: Yeah, there you go -
>> JB: I mean, we
use it for whiplash.
>> RM: No, that's amazing.
Well, Johan, I want
to thank you so much
for all the work you've
done, and, I mean, to me,
nothing makes more
sense in the world
than using our own
light to heal.
>> JB: Yes.
It is -
>> RM: And now we can do it
with these little devices.
So thank you.
You've done a service
for humanity.
If you resonate with
healing with light
and subtle frequencies, you can
learn more about Johan's list
of practitioners and his
personal device by going
to [inaudible] dot com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.